lenovo both 8080 advanced
non-standard version in constructive
plan android tablet yoga tablet 10
device case combines plastic and
metal surfaces
and his design follows the contours of a magazine with
turned back my pages unusual
the shape makes the tablet very ergonomic
allowing you to comfortably hold it alone
hand in portrait orientation and using
built-in stand device can
mounted horizontally positions
console and keyboard
besides thanks to the cylindrical
Thickening model is equipped with a battery with
a record for such devices with a capacity of 9
thousand miliapper yoga tablet
hd + equipped with a 10-inch display with
1920 by 1200 pixels
manufactured using ips technology
hardware platform built on
quad-core processor with frequency 1
and 6 megahertz and 2 gigabytes of RAM for
sound replies 2
forward stereo speakers and
dolby digital plus system
The photo part is based on two models.
mostly with a resolution of 8 megapixels and
front 16 capacity internal
drives 16 gigabytes 11 of which
reserved for user needs
slots for micro sim with
3g support and micro sd memory cards up to
64 gigabytes
models working under the guidance of
android 4 3 operating system
jellybin which can be updated
Up to version 442 kitkat yoga tablet 10
hd plus received good equipment
stylish and practical design which
highlights the tablet among competitors and
adds ease of operation